[ No Audio ]
[ Music ]
Last summer, we had Suzy Miller
here in the Gaiam Studios
with us to talk about her
experience of autistic children.
As a pediatric speech
and language pathologist,
she had felt ineffective
with standard means
of bringing these sensitive
individuals out of themselves.
Through an intuitive
breakthrough, however,
she eventually learned
that autism was much
more spiritually driven
than what anyone
could've possibly guessed.
Suzy ultimately paired up
with Dr. William Tiller,
a former Stanford professor and
pioneer in intention research.
They are conducting a
groundbreaking experiment
in remote healing of autism;
truly phenomenal work.
We've talked off camera.
I've seen some of the graphs
and charts of what is happening
with these kids and
if I were a parent
or loved an autistic child, I'd
want to know what you're doing.
I would want to be part
of it and I can't wait
until the day comes when
everybody can be part of it.
So let's lunge into it.
First of all, Suzy, give
us a little bit of a recap
of what happened to
you and how you came
into connection with these kids.
We talked about it a
little bit in our last show,
but let's go there again.
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
In 1999, I was a pediatric
speech language pathologist
and I was working with --
had a private practice,
a new child came to my case load
and was diagnosed of autism;
hadn't have much success
with autism prior to that.
But in this case,
when I met him,
he was literally walking back
and forth in the daycare center
where he worked --
where he was being seen
and he said, "It's
the millennium.
It's 1999."
And from my speech
pathology eyes I thought,
"You're a freaky
little kid," you know.
Yeah. Suzy Miller: It's just
so strange[background talking].
You don't know that word.
Suzy Miller: Yeah
[laughter], millennium.
What is that?
But, what was interesting
is he came up to me
and made direct eye contact
with me and he said, "Master."
And when he said "Master,"
I had a visceral experience.
Everything on me -- in
me was on high alert.
And it took me kind
of a few minutes
to get my bearings
quite frankly,
but right after that I
took him into a backroom
in the daycare center in order
to work with him privately.
And when I shut the door,
you know, I kind of sat
down against the
back of the door.
He was new to me.
He didn't want to work with me.
He wanted to be with
his friends.
And as I was letting him
just walk around the room,
what I saw was floating above
his physical body kind of --
physical body here,
light body here.
There was a body of light
that was floating right
above into his right.
I never seen anything
like that in my life
and didn't know what
it was at that time.
But as I asked myself, you
know, the logical question,
"What the heck is that?"
What I heard with --
through what I know now
as telepathy was,
"That's my light body.
You're here to help me
integrate my light body
into my physical body."
And I had no idea what that was
or why he thought I could do
that or any of those
kinds of things,
but we spent the next year
working where he would come
and he would either through
dreams, or through meditation,
or through telepathy, would come
and tell me exactly what
I needed to do in order
to support his integration.
And it was effective?
Suzy Miller: It was effective.
Yeah. It was wonderfully
effective.
He communicated -- began
communicating and writing
and being able to let
people know what he needed
and how he wanted things to be.
So it was quite a
change actually.
Now, that happened
with him specifically,
but when did you start tapping
into some of the other kids?
How did that process come about
on the same telepathic level?
Suzy Miller: It came about
pretty much simultaneously
with Riley [assumed spelling]
-- my experience with Riley.
What happened is as soon as
I met Riley I was also open
to my guides, or whatever
you would like to call them;
but on top of that, the more
I worked with other children
on my caseload that now we're
also diagnosed with autism
because all of a sudden they
started coming like crazy.
It was really interesting
because the collective
had a voice as well,
and so sometimes I would
hear the higher consciousness
of the children, an
individual child speaking,
but when I had questions about
something, then I was tapping
into this collective
consciousness.
And over the years,
I've developed quite
a dialogue with them.
So now it's more...
And this is more
of a mass language;
it's a collective consciousness
that has a single voice
of sorts, telepathically?
Suzy Miller: Absolutely.
Okay. Suzy Miller: And
they're providing a lot
of the bigger picture
kinds of things
versus because I don't
work so much individually
with parents and
children anymore.
That was helpful at that time
but now it's bigger picture
things so that I can work
on things like the autism
intention experiment
and things like that.
And you clearly started
integrating this
into your practice and
you have other people
that are practitioners
under you, right?
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
We have 60 -- close to 60
certified practitioners
in 11 different countries now.
So they're learning the
same kinds of skill sets
so that they can telepathically
communicate with these children
where they can also begin to
not just get the information
but deliver that information
to a parent who may
or may not be well versed in
the multidimensional reality
of their children, or...
Right. Suzy Miller: ...you know.
So it's one thing to
get that information,
it's quite another thing to
be able to deliver it in a way
that people can really
understand and begin
to explore themselves
because of it.
But now, let's talk about these
continually expanding messages
from these kids, which I
find absolutely fascinating
because I hear a
lot of truth in it.
And one of the subjects is
they talk about who they are,
why have they come and they
talk about the new human.
So take a little bit of
time and paint a portrait
of what it is they're saying,
they are and we will become.
Suzy Miller: Right.
You know, I think, number one,
they always say "We
are the new technology.
We're the tech -- we are the
-- we're the new science.
We're the new education.
We're the new medicine."
They also say that that
technology is the technology
of love.
And it's interesting
to me because I believe
that this population is
coming at a time in history
where we need a higher state of
consciousness to be among us,
if you will, to be
present with us.
And they don't do -- they
aren't having such a fun time,
if you will, in the physical
body, but energetically,
dimensionally, vibrationally,
they are very well versed.
And so as they come now,
they're really helping to tip --
to tip the vibrational
frequency of humanity.
I see them almost as the
new Epoch, the children
of the new Epoch, as they
begin to kind of guide us
into a new trajectory.
And a trajectory where we
don't see ourselves simply
as physical bodies or mental
minds, but that we really begin
to understand ourselves as
a spirit, as source beings.
They're holding a lot of the
collective consciousness,
holds a tremendous
amount of information.
As a matter of fact, it's part
of the reason why I started
this certification process
because the information
that's available
within that consciousness
about the new science,
the new technology, it's so vast
that, you know, no small group
of people could begin
to access that and think
that they were going
to figure that all out.
But the more people that we
can have access to this level
of consciousness, the
more they're tapping
into certain aspects of it
that they resonate with,
that they're true for them.
So it's really expanding
in enormous ways.
Yeah. They're -- I think that
on a very practical level, too,
you see what these
children are changing,
the physical children
are changing simply
because they're here.
They are changing
medicine right now.
You know, we don't look at
-- we don't look at medicine.
We don't look at vaccines
and things like that anyway
that we did when they --
before they showed up in mass.
And, you know, you look
at what's happening
within education.
I mean, when you have one in,
you know, 44, one in 54 kids,
whatever the current statistic
is, and those are showing
up in educational settings,
education changes simply
because the demand for
that change is there.
Yes. Suzy Miller: And it's --
we're also seeing it showing
up in the technologies
as well, so...
Well, and you were talking
about the technology of love.
They say this is the
technology of love and lest
that anybody feel that that
is some kind of woo-woo
or religious kind of
notion, that's not.
And your partner in this,
Dr. William Tiller, says --
he calls it "love is
the universal solvent."
And there is something
about creating
within that particular frequency
which everyone who's experienced
even a glimpse of the feeling,
the total feeling of
unconditional love, knows you're
in a much higher state of
reality, what we can create
as a species across the board
from there is a completely
different reality.
So it's not woo-woo
to talk about...
Suzy Miller: No.
...the technology of
love by any means.
Suzy Miller: No, and the
kids have been saying
for a long time now,
the collective consciousness
has been saying
that this population
cannot fully be here
until the frequency up here
is the frequency of love.
Yes. Suzy Miller: And they're
not talking, obviously about,
you know, the Valentine's Day...
No. Suzy Miller: ....or
whatever we perceive as love.
They're talking about
that recognition.
I see you and you see me.
They're talking about the
saturation of a certain level
of consciousness which
allows us to all be who we...
Right. Suzy Miller:
...really are meant to be.
Well, now, these kids have
also told you that they --
they are living in what they
define more of the seventh,
eighth and ninth
dimensional fields.
That's where they
actually exist and that's
where their information is
streaming through from, which,
looking at -- I interviewed
Barbara Hand Clow recently,
looking at the nine dimensions
of our being and our interface
with life and reality, and
that makes perfect sense.
So coming from there,
however, into a physical body,
what an incredibly
torturous and painful thing
that they must be going through.
And some of them have never
incarnated physically or not
since the days of
ancient lost civilizations
with much higher frequencies.
What do they tell you?
How do they explain this to you?
Yeah. What they explained is
that their integration process
is they function primarily
in a dimensional realms, if you
will, at the level of the soul,
like you say, seventh, eighth,
ninth dimensional realms.
But in order to integrate
into the physical body,
they are coming in --
they have to integrate
into the emotional body.
The emotional body is
the first collective body
that they can really have
some kind of access to and
yet it's also the body that
is probably the most disturbed
within the human consciousness.
Yes. Suzy Miller:
So, anybody who goes
through any integration
process, your --
our ability to integrate into a
physical body is going to meet
with some kind of trauma, right?
Just simply because from
nonphysical to physical,
there's going to be some degree
of trauma related to that;
and that all resides
within the collective,
in that collective
emotional body.
So here, these children are
trying to interface with that,
trying to integrate
into that space,
and the first thing they hit
is this distorted collective
emotional body.
So it's one of the reasons why
they say some simple things
like we don't care that you
-- we don't care how you feel.
We care that you
know how you feel.
Now, that's a -- it's a
very simple statement,
and yet it's hugely impactful,
because in order for you
to know how you feel,
you have to be in touch
with your emotional body.
You have to be present
to it and so --
and you also have to be
outside of judgment of it.
Right. Suzy Miller: So,
how often does the --
does your own emotional
stuff come up,
anybody's emotional stuff come
up and we automatically move
into judgment of
self because we think
that is an individualized
independent
"I did something wrong" and
I pushed it way out there
and I thought it wasn't
going to come back
but here it comes again.
What they're really helping
us understand right now
or helping me understand is
that that emotional body
has to be dealt with.
It has to be integrated
and one of the things
that they're also showing me
is their vibrational frequency
as they begin to integrate into
the collective emotional body.
They're dropping a little bit
of their higher dimensional
energy into that space.
So they're clearing
it on the one hand,
at the same time they're
trying to integrate into it.
And on a really practical level,
this shows up day in and day
out in all of their households,
because if you talked
to any parent of a child
diagnosed with autism,
they will tell you that those
kids pushed their buttons
like you would not believe.
Their emotional bodies
completely
and constantly being triggered,
but not in a malicious way,
not in a negative way;
it's being triggered
because these parents are also
very much helping the collective
consciousness rise, right?
So as they begin to have
awareness about themselves,
as they begin to be present
to their emotional bodies,
number one, their very children
can come in a little bit closer
and a little bit further,
but when their children are
in a little bit closer
and a little bit further,
it has a positive effect on the
whole emotional body, therefore,
the emotional body of the
earth, again, the emotional body
of all sentient beings
in relationship[background
talking] to [inaudible].
Right, and that's a
good point you bring up;
and this is something that the
global coherence project is
working with as well,
is this emotional --
the emotional fabric of the
emotional body of the planet.
We tend to think of we
as multidimensional beings
can acknowledge our emotions,
our emotional body,
but the same is true
with the earth itself, right?
Suzy Miller: Yep.
And so these kids
are dealing not only
with the human emotional body
but the interface of that
with the earth itself
that they're coming into,
so I can understand why
to them it would feel
so incredibly dense.
Suzy Miller: Well, and
not only that, I mean,
these children are also very --
they're very connected to the
earth's movement, you know.
Yes. Suzy Miller: So you
watch this population,
classrooms across the
world where you have a lot
of children diagnosed
with autism.
You watch them a week
before something happens,
something erupts within the
earth, and you'll watch them,
they'll feel it, the
tension, the anxiety, the --
all of that beings to happen
because they are one with...
Right. Suzy Miller: ...that
collective earth emotional body;
and the minute it releases,
that's a whole another ballgame
because they'll always
also say, you know,
we feel the stress
leading up to it.
When you guys are all stressed
because it's happened,
we're fine.
That's what we're doing the
other piece of the puzzle.
And just like the animal
kingdom which is operating
in a much finer subtle
instincts.
Absolutely.
Suzy Miller: Very similar.
Yes. Very similar.
Okay. What about the whole
notion of vaccines and toxins
and dumping these things into
the bodies of little kids.
What are they saying the effects
of these horrid toxins
are on them?
And on kids at large?
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
This population is coming
in much more sensitive
than previous populations, so --
and I think that what they're --
what they've been sharing
is that there are all kinds
of toxins here that are not --
not a great match for who they
are vibrationally, and vaccines,
they have definitely said it's
-- falls into that category.
You know, you're taking a
brand new baby in many cases
and you are giving
them these vaccines.
It's putting in a substance
that is dense as far
as they're concerned
and has to be processed
in the body somehow, has to be
transmuted in the body somehow.
That's not always easy to do
when these children
haven't even integrated
into the physical body yet.
They're taking -- they're
not integrating at, you know,
two or three months of
age, you know, after birth.
They're -- they are integrating
more like age three, age five.
So -- and this is when all of
these vaccines are taking place;
they're taking place
between birth
and three-year birth
and school age now.
Right. Suzy Miller:
And so it is --
it's an issue, but there
are also other issues as far
as the level of toxicity
that are not a match
for what they consider
the new humans.
And I think by them being
here also, we are --
we have a much greater
understanding of that.
When you talk to parents
now, it's not a given
that they're going to just
vaccinate their kids just
because somebody said so.
No. And it's really
a subject of autism
that has forced that discussion.
Suzy Miller: It has
forced the discussion.
Which will eventually,
hopefully affect parents
of all children...
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
...I mean, because it
is now center stage,
that conversation
is center stage.
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
We did -- I was on a panel with
some physicians and a while back
and we were talking
about vaccinations
and it just thrilled me because
there were probably, you know,
a hundred or so mothers in this
little bitty room all crammed
in with their little babies,
but they were all listening
to the same conversation.
And this whole conversation
about what the collective
consciousness
of the children diagnosed of
autism have been talking about.
They're kind of at the more
subtle realm, you know,
so they're picking it
up first in many ways
but they're absolutely passing
that information on saying,
"You know, this is the way we
are all going to be moving.
We're all going to become more
and more energetically aware
and our sensitivities -- our
energetic sensitivities prior
to that will help
with that awareness.
I consider them to
be very brave souls.
This has to be quite
uncomfortable an experience
for them in this crossover
phase while we are...
Suzy Miller: Learning.
...becoming [laughter].
While we're learning,
setting the field,
becoming the new
humans as it were.
And I had the experience
of interviewing a
man named Ron Davis.
I think I mentioned this
in our last interview.
I bring it up again
because he was one
who is now probably 70 years
old, but told us what it was
like being locked in there.
He didn't speak until he was 17.
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
What a forerunner.
He was a forerunner and
he was explaining how --
and that he was aware of living
in three dimensions
at any given time.
So he could see him -- the
various aspects of himself
and was aware of what
he was doing in each
of these dimensions
at any given time.
But then he spoke to the subject
of these little ones that seemed
to be disengaged with
their environment,
unmotivated to crawl,
unmotivated to walk,
and he said, well, the reason
for that was in his experience,
in his own little body,
he said, "You already --
you're beyond time and space,
so you can send your curiosity
around the corner to look at
something or experience it.
It experiences and
then it comes back.
You don't ever have to crawl
over [laughter], touch it,
put it in your mouth,
or whatnot.
You've already experienced it.
So they look just like little
lumps and unmotivated," he said.
Quite the contrary.
Suzy Miller: Right.
They've had the experience
in their back already.
Suzy Miller: Yes, exactly.
And the only difference
is, you know,
when that verbal
component is not there,
they don't have the opportunity
to say, "Hey, you don't need
to go there, you know."
Right. Suzy Miller: Have
already had that experience and
yet I'm hearing the same thing
from the collective
consciousness
of the children some of their
skill sets are really beyond
what we could imagine.
Well, we have a little
film coming
in because the way it looks.
Now, we're talking
about all this.
We're talking about the
beauty of these souls
and the higher dimensional
information
and energy they're bringing in.
However, we're going to show
a little film of what it looks
like when someone's
having a bad day.
[ Film clip ]
On one level it looks
like any little kid,
but on another there are certain
kind of hallmark patterns going
on there; and what
would you say looking
at that video would be
considered a pattern
that you would look for?
Suzy Miller: Well,
a couple of things
that are happening right there.
The repetitive movement,
the physical movement back
and forth; also, the repetitive
communication where they sound
like they're kind of
speaking gibberish
or they're not speaking
to anything or anyone,
but it appears that way.
But dimensionally, again,
if we take that same image
and we understand that
this child is functioning
in higher dimensional realms
while physically being present
in that body.
Who knows who they're
talking to?
Suzy Miller: Who knows
who they're talking to?
And more often than not,
the collective consciousness
in individual children have
said, "You know, when you look
at me and I'm looking up
into the corner of the room
and I'm waiving my hands and
moving my arms and flapping
and things stemming if
-- as they call like...
A lot of flapping, yeah.
Suzy Miller: Yeah,
a lot of flapping.
One, I'm moving energy.
One, I -- there's so much moving
through me that in that moment,
I have to work myself out of it.
I have to transduce it
through the physical body,
so it makes sense that
movement would help that.
The verbal communication is
just that, the ability of them
to communicate in other
dimensional realms.
And I've even watched
children who were trying
to learn something
"academic," you know --
preschooler or learning to
identify pictures of animals.
And at the same time noticing
that there is a dimensional
energy available to them
in that space as well,
and suggesting, "Well,
why don't you go and
get some help there?"
And turn around, child jumps on
the bed, talks to the corner --
seemingly, gets information
and awareness,
comes back down to the floor
and "cow, pig, dog, cat,"
is able to provide
information, you know.
Right. Suzy Miller: How did
that happen unless they're able
to begin to bridge that
multidimensional realm,
you know, and be able
to actually use some
of that higher dimensional
information
to support their
cognitive processing
which is really a unique
concept to think about.
It is. The men we mentioned,
Ron Davis, in that interview is
on our Gaiam archives,
by the way, but he was --
by the time he finally spoke,
they recognize this guy
as way beyond anything
we can understand.
He spoke at 17.
By 19, he was helping --
I think it was Rockwell,
debug the Polaris
missile system.
Suzy Miller: Oh wow [laughter].
And when people would ask him,
"How do you know math
at these levels?"
And he said, "I don't
know math, I am math."
Suzy Miller: Yes.
And so, you know, that's
a whole different level
of relating wherever
he's living and he went
on to do extraordinary things
and created the Davis Dyslexia
Institute because, of course,
what comes along with it,
they're learning disabilities.
Suzy Miller: Right.
And he figured it out how to
anchor these kids in and model
out of clay and such so that
these kids could learn to read.
Suzy Miller: It's interesting
about the whole concept about
"I am math," you know...
Yes. Suzy Miller: ...being math.
I've also heard a lot
of the children speak
about the fact that,
you know, simple things
like children diagnosed with
autism love to play in water.
You know, they love throwing
it all over the place.
They love being in it.
They love -- they love it.
And it makes perfect sense
when you hear from them
that they are being
one with the water.
They're not separate from
the element of water.
They're not separate from the
fluidity, and so, again, it's --
you know, whether it's "I'm
one with mathematics or I'm one
with an element,"
it's -- this is the --
these are some of the precursors
and the pointers of what we
as new humans will
become as we move
into those higher
dimensions, as well.
Now academically speaking of,
you have a little boy that --
well, he's a young
man now, what, 14?
15 years old now?
Suzy Miller: Actually,
he's not mine.
He's somebody that I...
He's out there.
Suzy Miller: Yeah, he's somebody
out there that's amazing to me.
We have some video of him,
Jacob Barnett, who you're coming
into dialogue I think just about
now with and looking to work
with in this experiment.
Wow. I think he's
made the rounds.
He's been on a lot
of TV shows already
because he's not
separated from math.
He's not separated from
anything and really
by the time he was 14,
full-blown brilliant physicist.
Talking, in this clip, we're
going to show in a second
about space time, time travel.
Suzy Miller: Yes.
Let's take a look.
[Film clip] Have a [inaudible]
and I briefly explain what it
was, and now I'm probably going
to go into it with a
little more detail.
Okay. So this is like, just
a more detailed picture
on how you could go
through the space time like,
you go into a black
hole's event horizon;
if you get lucky,
you can come out.
Next. Let's see.
Now a wormhole is composed
of space time itself,
see like here you
view our space time.
At least two black holes
and if you want [inaudible]
probably add in a couple more,
but that's kind of complicated.
Anyways, so they got
these black holes
and then there's also a
thing called a white hole
which is also probably in there.
That is like the exact
opposite of a black hole.
Black hole sucks everything in,
white hole pushes everything
out, and it's that white hole
that allows you to go
through, otherwise,
you get the singularity
[inaudible].
Let's see.
Next, for our wormhole
we will have --
right, there are also
like multiple dimensions
that the space time
can bend in like a tear
and then it could
be there, here.
I'm just going to draw a graph.
Well [laughter], yeah, of
course, I knew that [laughter].
Suzy Miller: You and everybody?
Yeah, and everybody.
But, yeah, here's just -- he
used to walk in patterns, right?
Suzy Miller: He's -- that's
actually a different child,
kind of different child that I
worked with and he used to walk
in energetic patterns in the
grass in front of my house.
And when I would ask him, you
know, "What are you doing?"
He would say, "I'm
creating the templates
for where we're going to go."
And he had some real awareness
about the fact that we are
as a humanity going through
in a state of consciousness.
Right. And you had
something you wanted
to say about Jacob himself?
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
I just wanted to
clarify something
because I have actually
been seeking --
or Jacob out, you know, as
far as connecting with him
and that kind of thing.
And so I truly feel like
he would have a huge impact
on the autism intention
program...
Yes. Suzy Miller: ...because
here's a young man both
who knows the component of
autism, but also knows physics.
You know, and, again, he doesn't
just know it; he is physics.
And so I'm really
excited to hopefully get
to spend some more time with.
Oh, I hope that works out...
Suzy Miller: Yeah,
that connection.
...for you because as
William, as Bill says --
Bill Tiller, to be able
to work in that area,
you have to go beyond any kind
of current quantum
mechanics model,
beyond the electromagnetic
physical universe
into completely other
dimensional fields
of information which this
little guy understands how
to get there, in
fact, it sounds like.
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
He absolutely -- he's -- I think
I watched an interview with him
where he said to Morley Safer
on 60 Minutes that he's --
they were talking
about, you know,
"How do you know
this mathematics?";
and he said something
like, "Well,
it comes from the
fifth dimension."
Well, that shuts just about
everybody up really fast
because what does
that actually mean?
Right. Suzy Miller:
And yet the other thing
that I'm very curious
about Jacob in particular,
is because he has this mind,
this autistic mind, if you will,
and he processes information
so uniquely, so differently
than most of human
consciousness,
and because he has this IQ
that's higher than Einstein's
that like a 170 right now.
You pair that with his awareness
of being physics, as physics,
you know, what exactly
is possible?
And it takes me right back
to the children saying
"We are the new technology."
We are the new science.
We are the new education.
Jacob's a beautiful
example of that.
Absolutely.
So now let's talk about how you
and Bill Tiller came together
and we're going to be
talking with him as well --
as the other half of this story,
how you two came together,
how you formulated the
experiment and just kind
of get us going on experiment --
this first round of experiment.
Suzy Miller: Right.
I met Bill probably a
little over a year ago,
a year and a half ago,
and we were having --
actually, we weren't having
much of a conversation.
He was having a conversation
and sharing his wisdom,
and wonderful information
that he shares.
But in that, we started talking
about autism and it wasn't
until later he came back to
me and he said, "You know,
I think I'd like to do
something around autism."
But when he said that,
it was like, "Okay.
Interesting, you know.
He's a scientist.
You know, I'm a multidimensional
communicator."
I wonder how those two things
are going to go together."
But one of the very first
things that he said to me was,
"I think that we can really
support the integration
of these children according
to their soul's purpose";
and when he said "according
to their soul's purpose,"
a flag went off for me because
I've been hearing for years
from the collective
consciousness of the children
that at some point in history
there would be somebody
who would come along,
who would, one;
be able to support integration
on a much bigger scale
than what we had been able to
accomplish so far, and that also
that this individual would
be able to really extend it
to the masses, to a
broader population.
And so I -- you know, you
hear those kinds of things,
I kind of filed it as wait
and see, but the minute
that Bill said "according
to their soul's purpose,"
I thought, "You're the guy."
And the more we started to
talk, here was a physicist
who was willing to hear from
the collective consciousness
of the children.
So he immediately asked
me what to go to them
to ask what they would want as
far as an intention statement,
and so that's exactly
what I did.
They... How did the kids
reflect back the acknowledgement
that this was the person...
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
Just like any other kid, would
I guess [laughter] [inaudible]
happiness, yeah.
So it just was very clear
that we had the right guy
and that we should proceed with
him, and so when I asked them
about the intention, there
was a two-fold intention.
There was an intention to
support their integration
and then there was
also an intention
to support their parents in
kind of the reduction of stress.
I mean, being a parent
of a child diagnosed
with autism is extremely
stressful.
And so we also know that we
can't raise our own vibrational
frequency and be in worry,
concern, stress, fear;
the two just don't
go hand in hand.
So there was this
two-fold intention.
So Bill met with
is unseen support
and he created this very
scientific protocol,
if you will, and an intention
statement, gave it back to me
to read again, took
it back to the kids.
It was a nice collaboration
and we came up with something
that is really based wholly,
solely in the frequency of love
and according to these
children's soul's purpose
because a lot of
people want to --
they hear that children have
been integrated where they --
and they'll say, "Well, do
that for my kid," you know --
or have that happen
and it's not like that.
I mean, each one of these
souls has a unique journey
and we don't want to
impede on that and
yet at the same time we figured
out that we can create a space
that will allow them to show up
as fully as they possibly can.
I mean, and think of how
profound that's going to be
over time when kids
like Jacob and people
like Ron Davis are able to
show up in the physical world
and share that kind of knowledge
with the rest of humanity.
This integration process
is really critical
for our advancement
as a species.
Suzy Miller: It just --
I have to stop and pinch
myself every now and again
about that particular
point because it's, again,
seeing how much information
is in that consciousness,
seeing what they're bringing
and just because, you know,
I'm noticing it it doesn't mean
that I can integrate all of it
or it doesn't mean that --
but when you see that --
when you see all
that's available
for humanity moving forward, all
the positive that's available
because this population
exists because they are here.
It really turns the whole thing
on its head, you know, it's --
people can say, "We're
going down the wrong path
and that's why we have all these
"sick kids."" I don't see it
like that in any
way, shape and form.
And yet, I also see that
because they're here,
we have the opportunity now to
have the Jacob's of the world
to have these individuals
who can begin
to integrate fully
into the body...
...and bringing their
information with them.
Suzy Miller: ...and begin
to bring their information
with them.
Exactly. Yeah, absolutely.
And, lest we think, you don't
have a heavy weight partner
here, Bill Tiller is one of
the very leaders in the world
in the study of consciousness --
40 years he has been
working on this.
He was a professor at Stanford,
materials sciences
and engineering.
So no surprisingly as he's
been looking at intention
and its effect on the material
world originally studying all
of the Russians that we're
working in this field far
and advance of America 30
years ago, it's not surprising
that he has brought through
a literal technology with it
as well, to interface with.
Can you -- and I'm going to be
interviewing him about that,
but can you just kind of
introduce us to the device
and a little bit
of how that works?
Suzy Miller: Yes.
So he created an intention
host device which I will let --
he'll tell you all about...
Yes. Suzy Miller:
...the mechanics of.
But the intention host
device, unlike when you --
when a bunch of people
get together and decide
that they're going
to hold an intention
and that has one level
of effectiveness.
But in order to have a
clear coherent intention,
to place it in -- he created
this device, so it would hold
that clear coherent intention
so that nothing could alter it.
Right? And so the --
basically what's happening
in this process is he and a few
other meditators are sitting
with this intention statement
and they are getting this
energetic vibrational frequency
to a certain place.
Very coherent...
Suzy Miller: Very coherent...
...intention.
Suzy Miller: ...clear intention.
And these are people who have
either been meditating together
for long periods of time or are
long time meditators themselves,
so they know what
they're looking
for as far as that space.
And the minute they're with
that space, in that space,
as that space, they read
this intention statement.
The intention statement is held
within the intention host
device, and then it is broadcast
through a scrolling computer
of names and addresses,
so the computer basically
says, "Send this intention
to this mother and this
child at this address";
and that is literally being
sent into their spaces
and it is changing the space.
Well, and we're going to talk
about the effects you're seeing.
First of all, this is the first
experiment you've done together,
right?
Suzy Miller: Yes, [inaudible].
And you're how far
into it at this point?
Suzy Miller: We are about
right at five months now.
Five months.
Okay. And how many
families are involved?
Suzy Miller: We have 44
families that are involved.
Okay. And now let's get down
to some of the nitty-gritty.
So this broadcasting
has been going on.
First of all, what did you and
Dr. Tiller expect at the outset?
Or was there an expectation?
We know that expectation
also affects the outcome
but what did you
think might happen?
Suzy Miller: Well, I'm not --
we knew that it --
well, we didn't know.
We suspected that there
would be some positive impact
for the child -- or
at least we hoped
that there would be some
positive impact for the child.
As a pediatrics speech language
pathologist, I personally
as we were looking through the
list of things that might change
in this process, I personally
thought communication would be
one of the last things
that would change.
Communication is really
challenging on a --
in a time space reality it's
very challenging; and yet,
one of the first things that
did occur were children began
to talk.
So they either began to talk
or if they were talking,
they began to have much
broader vocabularies,
broader sentence structure.
Some children who are non
verbal started using facilitated
communication to either
for the first time
or to a greater degree.
So this is something, I mean, in
the mainstream educational world
that should not be possible.
Right. And this is significant
increases in the data.
Suzy Miller: Absolutely.
I mean, somewhere you're looking
at an increase of anywhere
from 35, 40% to 65, 70% in some
of these areas of function.
Let's go through some of them.
Suzy Miller: Okay.
Eye contact.
Suzy Miller: Yes.
Because oftentimes there's
not a lot of connection.
Suzy Miller: Right.
So when we have -- you
know, when we're looking
at eye contact and initially we
get a percentage like, you know,
only 24% of the population
makes --
of this particular
population makes eye contact
on a regular basis.
And then we go, you know,
four months out or so
and we're seeing something like,
you know, 48% or, you know,
a huge jump in the
amount of change.
Eye contact, we also...
What about affection levels?
Suzy Miller: Yeah,
that piece is --
that's the wonderful piece
because so many parents
of children diagnosed
with autism feel
that separation, you know.
They feel that their
children are somewhere else,
so the affection piece even
in the anecdotal information
that we receive, we're seeing,
you know, parents saying
that there's this cuddling,
there's this hugging,
there's this interest
in their families,
interaction with siblings, you
know, coming to them and wanting
to be present with them,
which is a huge change.
That is. I have a member of
our family who was diagnosed
as Asperger's and she's doing
-- she's in college now.
But interestingly when she
was growing up, she had --
kind of no boundaries
that were just --
it was very odd kind
of boundaries.
And she started mimicking.
When it came to affection,
I noticed what she would do is
watch how other people showed
affection to each other and
then she would watch and go over
and then imitate
that for affection.
So it wasn't genuine.
She was just trying to find
ways to fit in with other people
but what you're talking
about are genuine connections
that are taking place it
sounds like among these kids.
Suzy Miller: Well, and they're
so [inaudible], as well.
Yes. Suzy Miller: You
know, so these are parents
who are saying he
didn't do this.
And now all of a sudden he's
hugging on to the back of my leg
as I'm washing the dishes
or that kind of thing.
So, and, you know, again, for a
parent who hasn't had that kind
of interaction with
their child, it's huge.
It's huge on a very
personal level.
Yes. And what about also --
where you said language
to begin with,
the ability to start
articulating what's going
on inside their heads, you're
seeing big increases in that.
Suzy Miller: We're
definitely seeing increases.
There was young man that she --
the mother was saying that
in the past, for instance,
he might use language but he
might say over and over again,
you know, he wanted
something for Christmas
or he was wanting -- what was
on his birthday list,
that kind of thing.
Yeah. Suzy Miller: But -- so
he was using communication
and he was accurately
saying what he would
like to have happen and that was
repeated over and over again.
But during the autism
intention program,
all of a sudden he began
saying things like, "Well,
what would you like
for Christmas?"
Oh, that's a whole
different direction.
Suzy Miller: That's a
whole different ballgame.
That's real engagement.
Suzy Miller: Yeah,
because now communication
and language is being used
as a relationship builder,
as an interaction on
a very human level.
It's not just this wrote
verbalization, and that's one
of the things that's
really common
for children diagnosed
with autism.
They may learn the language,
so to speak, but it's so wrote
that it doesn't always have
that feeling of, you know,
I'm actually just establishing
a relationship with you
because I'm using it as words.
It's more repeating words.
Suzy Miller: Yeah, exactly.
Right. Now, what
about the parents?
I mean, you're talking about
how this signal, so to speak,
this intention, carried in this
frequency generation device is
being carried with the ID of
names and addresses, which,
you know, letters, numbers,
all these things are part
of the universal
building blocks of life.
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
So it's finding its way into the
household, so we were hearing
about some of the
effects of kids and I want
to get a little bit more
into the general trending
because you're only five
minutes in, but let's talk
about the rest of the family
and the parents for a moment.
Suzy Miller: Right.
They're in that house, too.
How are they receiving
these signals?
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
What they are -- a
couple of different ways.
We're actually seeing something
different in the parents
than we are actually in
the kids that we're going
to be making an adjustment
for starting in June.
But generally speaking,
the parents that are having some
really positive impacts so far,
they're saying things like,
you know, just easier,
more aware of their
children's strengths
versus their weaknesses.
You know, we have a tendency
to see what's wrong
some of the time...
Sure. Suzy Miller: ...and all
of a sudden it's like, "Oh,
I can see that something is
there that wasn't there before."
We're also having
parents say, you know,
just their own personal
relationships, you know.
Husband and wife relationships
are really challenging
when you have a child that
has this kind of difficulty,
and so we're seeing some
positive impact there as well.
One of the things that I thought
was fascinating, however,
is that the children,
every three months we imprint
the intention and we do
that because Dr. Tiller found
that there could be a little bit
of leakage in the
holding of that intention.
And so every three
months we re-imprint it.
Well, that also is
really wonderful
because every three
months we can kind
of up the ante just
a little bit.
We can change it according
to what we're seeing so far.
One of the things that the
children said for June is
that their parents function
in time and space, okay?
They're entangled
in time and space,
and so they actually need
a little bit more time,
literal time, with
the intention.
So we're going to be
broadcasting that intention
to them almost double what
we have currently been doing.
This started because we
were asking the children,
"Is this amount of
time ample time for --
" and we were directing
it to them;
"Are you getting ample
time with this intention?"
And they came back
with something
that I didn't quite
expect which I always liked
because I couldn't make it
up, is they said, "You know,
we function outside of time
and space, so we really --
you can play with whatever
time you would like as far
as we're concerned
in that broadcast.
What we need from you is a clear
coherent intention that is based
in love, that is
based in this --
you know, according
to the soul's purpose.
So if you'll keep that intention
clear, we'll be doing great
and we're watching that.
We're already watching with the
time that we give them right now
that they are really
making some nice progress.
And they said, "And in
order to help us even more,
you could give the parents
more time because, like I say,
they function in
time and space."
And so for them to
unravel, you know, some --
what does it mean to
have a child diagnosed
with autism, you know?
And what does society
say that means
and what do the educators...
Oh, the expectation
is just so...
Suzy Miller: Oh, it's, yeah.
...difficult.
Suzy Miller: It's so
difficult and there's
so much entanglement, there's so
much drawn down of their energy;
but at the same time
they're trying to move
into a higher state of
awareness to be in this kind
of coupled space
with their children.
They're also being drawn
by the entanglements
of the collective...
Belief system.
Suzy Miller: ...belief
systems, exactly.
So by giving them a little bit
more time, broadcasting this
for longer periods of time,
they get the opportunity
to hold their belief system,
their new belief system,
anchor it in a little
more effectively.
So now, most of these parents
that are coming to you,
do they jive with you on the
conceptual areas such as,
"Look, your kids are coming.
They're living in
another dimensional field.
They just have a kind of
their toe into this vehicle --
this little body,
this little bio suit,
that they're using here
on earth at this time."
Do the parents get that?
I mean, are they comfortable
with these concepts,
these more esoteric concepts
even though they're steeped
in science?
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
This initial group of
44, I think, you know,
when we put this in -- when
we put the autism intention
experiment out in the first
place, we were obviously going
to attract to us people
who could kind of --
especially this first group
who can really get that,
and they do to a certain degree.
I think they are learning all
kinds of things along the way
as well, because they're also --
you know, something simple
like when I say the last
adjustment we made was
for their emotional body.
So we're -- you've got a
parent who's being asked
to see something different
and they conceptually can get
"I can see something different."
They mentally...
They're still expecting
the same.
Yes. Suzy Miller: ...but they're
still expecting something
and they're still
waiting for the experience
and that whole waiting for
the experience has a tendency
to push them away from
the experience, right?
Right. Suzy Miller: So
what's really interesting
in the last change that
we made is we made it
so that they didn't have to rely
on their emotional body so much
when they're going
through this transition
that they could rely more
on their higher states
of consciousness
to support them.
That made a really
nice difference.
All of a sudden it was
like, "Ah, I can relax."
It's like I don't have to
wait for something to happen.
I can just simply witness it
happening as it's happening.
There wasn't this
expectation like you say.
Excellent.
And now this experiment has
another seven months to go,
with -- from the beginning
until now, the five-month mark,
what is the trajectory?
Are you seeing kind
of exponential improvements
or how is this going?
Suzy Miller: We are
definitely seeing improvements.
Like I say, communication seemed
to be the thing that showed
up first and I expected
it to be last.
But also right behind
communication was
like a greater sense of
presence, a greater sense
of awareness within their
physical environment,
which is also huge.
So, you know, of the 44
families, we do have a majority
of them that are seeing some
of them seeing subtle changes,
some of them seeing
immense changes,
and I think sometimes
the changes
that are occurring
also have to do
with where these parents
came into this process.
You know, some of them
had already let go of some
of the expectation and
therefore they are able
to see all kinds
of amazing things.
So it's been fascinating.
And very soon you have a
second experiment coming
up beginning in July sometime.
Suzy Miller: That's right.
Right? Suzy Miller: Yeah.
And now, how -- I'm sure
many people listening,
how can they become
involved and,
you know, what does it take?
What are you looking for
in them or the child?
What does it take
to become involved?
Suzy Miller: Yep.
We -- I have opened this
autism intention program
to a different population
this time.
Last time it was -- they had
to have a medical and/or
educational diagnosis of autism.
Okay. Suzy Miller: This time,
that works beautifully but also,
we're opening it to
families who have children
who have characteristics
of autism
but are not yet diagnosed.
And that's a huge piece because
what we were finding is parents
-- for one reason or another,
parents either do not want
their child to be diagnosed...
For good reason and more...
Suzy Miller: Right,
because of -- yeah.
Yes. And because of the...
Entrapped in our system.
Suzy Miller: It just
creates -- it --
well a system and a belief.
Yeah. Suzy Miller: You know,
you get trapped in that bubble
of autism and it's very
hard to get out of it.
So that was one piece, but the
other pieces that the parents
of children who did
want to diagnose this,
they were having a really hard
time getting the diagnosis.
And so if they wanted
it for the reason
of getting extra support or,
you know, educational treatments
or things like that, they were
waiting a really long time and,
you know, Bill actually came
to me with this one and said,
"You know, I think
we should open it
up because quite frankly,
if everything goes
as it's been going, then
these children who are not
yet diagnosed but have these
significant characteristics,
by the time they
would get diagnosed,
some of those characteristics...
...be integrated.
Yeah. Exactly.
And so how many families will
you be able to take in this?
I mean, how -- what's
the capacity
of this broadcast system?
Suzy Miller: Well, we are
going to move to 200 families
for this next one that begins
in July and we have gone
through all the processes of
automating all of the things
that we need to automate
so that we can take care
of that many families.
So I'm looking forward to it.
Quite frankly, once
we do this, I mean,
I really think we could
be broadcasting to autism,
you know, we could
be broadcasting
to a much broader population.
I don't think that we're
necessarily going to be limited
by how many we can
broadcast, too.
That makes sense
because if you're talking
about broadcasting
into a nonphysical --
completely nonphysical
dimension --
or frequency, then all of those
beings incarnating at this time
in this way should be able
to dial into that band,
so to speak, by their own will.
Suzy Miller: Well,
not only that.
I truly believe that the kids
kind of knew this was coming...
Yes. Suzy Miller: ...as well.
It's -- you know, they
incarnate at a particular time
and they also know that
when they incarnate
at a particular time,
those forerunners obviously
are going to have challenges.
But as the masses come in,
that consciousness itself is,
you know, we are
the new technology.
Right. Suzy Miller: You know, so
here's the new technology and --
so it's -- one interfaces
with the other.
They know to come at this time
because the technology
will be available
and the technology
knows to be available
at this time because
they're here.
Yes. Suzy Miller: So...
Now, let's talk about the
practical element, the cost
or fees involved and being
involved with the program.
Suzy Miller: Yep.
It's -- again, it's a year-long
program and it's somewhere
around 700, 750 a year
for the year which is...
It's good.
Suzy Miller: It's ridiculously
wonderful and I'm thrilled
that we can do it at this level.
People can pay for
that quarterly.
They can pay two
payments for that year.
They sign up.
Every parent on a monthly basis
is asked to fill out two forms.
One is called an ATEC which
looks at treatment for --
it's Autism Treatment Evaluation
Checklist; and so it's looking
at how effective is this
broadcast basically.
It's looking at communication,
socialization, motor skills,
those kinds of things.
There's also a checklist for
the parent and we decided
to use the Zung anxiety
checklist
and it's a self-checklist.
They kind of go down and
they let us know kind
of where they're starting
and then they have
to fill this out every month.
As it is now, actually
starting this month
for the current group,
everything is automated
so they can literally do
this on their iPhones,
you know, if they want.
They can literally
pull up the link and go
through and check these off.
Everything's automated so
it makes that much easier.
And so they go through
this process for one year.
Bill and I are offering monthly
tele calls, so anybody can come
on the call; they can say,
"Hey, this is what's happening,"
or "I have a question about
this"; and we can kind of,
you know, at least share
from our perspective what
that might be about, so that
they can have some consciousness
around what's going on.
They also have a
Facebook community
where it's a private
where that they can interact
with other people who are going
through the process, as well.
And what we've found in this
first group which was --
not surprising in one way
but it really showed up,
is that the people that are
in the private Facebook group,
they're supporting each other
through the ups and the downs,
you know, of this
year-long process,
and they're really doing
very well as a group
versus necessarily, some
of the people that are kind
of have isolated
themselves a little bit more.
Right. No, that makes sense.
You know, to me, one of the
exciting things about all
of this is that I
find it hopeful.
If you have beings of this
level of frequency, refinement,
intelligence, whatever you want
to call it, trying to integrate
into the physical world
as dense as it is --
I mean, certainly there are
some challenges going on.
That has to bode
well for our future.
Why would they be
investing themselves in this
if there wasn't some major
upliftment at the end of it?
Suzy Miller: Yeah.
It think we're heading to a very
bright future quite frankly.
I mean, since I began
communicating
with this consciousness,
there has never been
anything negative.
I mean, challenges, yes, I mean,
you can look at their own lives
and you can see, "Yes, we all
go through challenges and, yes,
we all go through changes."
But you look at a
population that's coming
in mass right now...
Yes. Suzy Miller:
...I mean, really...
We're talking -- we're at 2% of
the little ones being born now.
That's huge.
Suzy Miller: That's huge
and if you've got that big
of a population showing
up, again, this trajectory,
and kind of turning the corner
and let's go back to
who we really are.
Right. Suzy Miller: And it's --
I think it's somewhat
confusing right now simply
because you look at a population
who does have challenges
in the physical body and in
the mental body as according
to "What we're supposed to be
like," and yet when you look
at what they're bringing
dimensionally,
what they're very well versed...
Yes, exactly.
Suzy Miller: ...and
that in those realms.
Exactly. It's just a matter of
our understanding it the new way
and then creating a new
value system ourselves.
And on that, we're
out of time and I want
to thank you so much, Suzy.
And when you and Bill are
done, and the first study
or even the second one is done
and dusted, I hope you come back
and tell us what some of
the results have been.
Suzy Miller: I'd love to.
Thanks. Thank you so much.
Suzy Miller: Thanks.
If you have an autistic child
or in connection with someone
who does, this might be a
source of incredible solace
to share this information
with them.
If they choose to become
involved, they can research Suzy
through suzymiller.com.
She's a teacher in this field
and constantly offering new
information in education
of an extraordinary nature;
it's growing every day.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]